hey guys welcome to my channel and
welcome to my porsche
today we're going to talk about
vocabulary
associated with driving cars and i'm
going to teach you
words that describe the inside of the
car and outside of the car
so first of all when i'm in my car i
want to start it
and i started by putting my key into the
ignition
and in this particular model i also need
to
press the brake battle with a brake
battle
you stop the car so i press the brake
pedal put my key into the ignition
and start the car
this thing is called the steering wheel
and i use it to turn
left and to turn right
this thing here is called the stick
shift and i use it to either park my car
to drive or to drive backwards the thing
is
this car has automatic transmission this
means that
the speed changes automatically so what
i do here i press the brake pedal again
and i put this stick shift into the
drive
mode and this way when i take my leg off
the
brake pedal the car starts moving but
we're not gonna move
because we're gonna talk about other
things that we can see here in the car
moved a little so to prevent this kind
of moving there is also
another break that this car has it's
called emergency brake
and in porsche's it's right here on the
left but in some cars there's an
additional handle that you can engage
and this is called emergency brake
candle
now everything that's right here is
called the dashboard
and it has different gauges so it has
diesel gauge for example because this
car runs on diesel
it has speedometer that shows the speed
it also has the screen and all the
buttons so you can turn on the air
conditioning
you can turn on the radio you can turn
on whatever you're connecting maybe an
iphone or whatever
another thing that we have here this
glass in front of me is called
windshield in the us
and if it's raining there are wipers
i can also use wipers just to clean my
windshield
this mirror is called rear view mirror
and i also have a rear view camera so
whenever i'm driving backwards
i can use either the rear view mirror or
the rear view
camera when you have a glass roof it's
actually called a
moon roof in your car so i don't know
well we can guess where this word is
coming from moonroof is that
is when you just lay down and enjoy the
moon
just by being in your car and looking
upwards so this is called
moon roof let's talk about something
non-technical
so this is a cup holder we actually have
two cup holders
but we use it for hand sanitizer and for
bubble gum
we also have a so-called glove
compartment again we don't have any
gloves there
we have a cd we have a face cream and we
have some documents
that relate to this warship by the way
some americans say
porsche which i think is really wrong
because the
car is produced in germany and in german
you say portion
if you press in the middle of the
steering wheel and i'm only going to do
it once because we're in a residential
neighborhood
here we go this is called
horn horn whenever you're driving
please make sure you're wearing a seat
belt
so you can wear a seat belt the process
of putting the seat belt
on is called tightening the seat belt so
with this
button you activate emergency lights
and all the lights start blinking and
then if you want to open the window you
press the button
that is called window power and the
window goes down
in the same way it goes up
this thing is called a visor advisor
protects driver's eyes from direct
sunlight
and this one also has a mirror and a
light
so if we want to start driving i need to
press
the gas battle
by the way this is the passenger seat
this is the driver's seat
now let's talk a little about what we
have outside of our car
so here we have our door and we
have the door handle that helps us open
and close the door
this is our side mirror so if you're a
driver
and you look at the side mirror you see
what's happening on the left side of
your car
now my car also has a
car seat for the baby and it's a rear
facing car seat because whenever emily's
here she's facing rear and for all the
infants and all the small babies you
have to have
a rear facing car seat in the u.s this
is my car's
trunk and i can open it by pressing this
button
on the key welcome to the trunk
it's actually empty i like when my car
is empty i like to have a lot of free
space here
and i'm closing it
this right here is called a
license plate in california you're
required to have two license plates
one in the back and one in the front
they also give us these
stickers that certify that we have paid
our taxes and fees this year
of course every car has four wheels
we have the wheel itself this is the
whole construction
but the black rubber thing here is a
tire sometimes that happened to me
actually three times in my life
you have a flat tire so whenever you hit
something
with your tire and it goes flat like
that is called a flat tire and then you
just have to go
to a car shop to fix it
now here we have our gas tank
so i come to the gas station i fuel my
car
and i close it every car has a lot of
lights
so we're gonna start with a brake light
this light blitz
whenever the car is braking we also have
indicator lights that lit whenever the
headlight is on i'm going to show you
the headlights so they
indicate that the car is here then we
have
signal lights that start flashing
whenever we're
turning right or left now here we also
have
fog lights that lit when the weather
conditions are poor
for example when it's raining or when
it's snowing and you want just this
extra attention for
people who are driving behind you here
we also have
exhaust pipes so whenever you're driving
whenever the car is activated whatever
the car is producing is coming from
these pipes
and we also have a spare tire it's in
the trunk but some cars
would have it here underneath here in
the front of the car
we have our hood and the engine is there
all the technical details are there we
also have our headlights
and here they have two modes we can have
our headlights in the high beam mode
when it's very dark outside and we can't
see
and there is also a low beam mode in the
us for example we're required to have
our headlights on the low beam mode when
we're driving
in the evening now here we also have
guess the name i really like the name
because it it really reminds me of a
grill this is called the
radiator grille here we have a front
plate
and our bumper this is our
fog light and this is our
turn indicator light and there is
another
indicator light on the side of our car
now i'm gonna
lock my car with my car key and
we're wrapping up our video guys if you
enjoyed it please like this video and
subscribe to my channel
and if you want to learn more vocabulary
please make sure to download my workbook
that has 1 000 words in english that
every english language learner
needs to know thank you guys again so
much for watching this video up to the
very end subscribe to this channel and i
will see you
very soon bye